Fix: Update documentation (#55)
vaadin/docs: articles/themes/application-theme.asciidoc

== Define Application Themes

The following describes a sample file system structure for "my-theme".

.A sample application theme "my-theme"
[source, filesystem]
----
theme/                             | contains all application themes
└── my-theme/                      | contais files for 'my-theme'
    ├── components                 | contains component specific themes
    │   ├── vaadin-button.css      | component themes need to match the tag name
    │   └── vaadin-text-field.css  |
    ├── images                     | static resource folder
    ├── webfonts                   | static resource folder
    ├── document.css               | css always applied to the root of the page
    ├── global.css                 | contains theme changes, may be targeted
    ├── my-theme.generated.js      | auto-generated configuration file
    └── theme.json                 | configuration for assets etc.

> ----

Reviewer: Actually, this doesn’t work that great, since the text wraps on new lines, and makes it hard to follow.

We could try using callouts instead: https://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/#callouts

Reviewer: Another option is to use a table, with minimal styling (remove outer frame and inner grid lines): https://docs-app-preview.netlify.app/styling-test/tables/

Author: Callouts seem better than table in this instance. Updated.

Reviewer: Thanks. Just one problem: callouts are currently broken: https://github.com/vaadin/docs-app/issues/179

But we’ll get those fixed.

Reviewer 2: I saw that too from the preview, but I guess it is fine for now.

> Figure 1 illustrates a sample theme setup for "my-theme" application theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following describes a sample file system structure for "my-theme".
```

.A sample application theme "my-theme"

> ```
> theme/                             | contains all application themes
> └── my-theme/                      | contais files for 'my-theme'
>     ├── components                 | contains component specific themes
>     │   ├── vaadin-button.css      | component themes need to match the tag name
>     │   └── vaadin-text-field.css  |
>     ├── images                     | static resource folder
>     ├── webfonts                   | static resource folder
>     ├── document.css               | css always applied to the root of the page
>     ├── global.css                 | contains theme changes, may be targeted
>     ├── my-theme.generated.js      | auto-generated configuration file
>     └── theme.json                 | configuration for assets etc.
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source, filesystem]
----
theme/                             | contains all application themes
└── my-theme/                      | contais files for 'my-theme'
    ├── components                 | contains component specific themes
    │   ├── vaadin-button.css      | component themes need to match the tag name
    │   └── vaadin-text-field.css  |
    ├── images                     | static resource folder
    ├── webfonts                   | static resource folder
    ├── document.css               | css always applied to the root of the page
    ├── global.css                 | contains theme changes, may be targeted
    ├── my-theme.generated.js      | auto-generated configuration file
    └── theme.json                 | configuration for assets etc.
----
```

There’s a [bug in the doc builder](https://github.com/vaadin/docs-app/issues/194), which makes this content disappear if the listing block language is not defined.
